[Music]
And what did Antonio Rossi say today?
Tell me, I haven't seen it
Antonio Rossi It's that I think I just
sent it to you I want to say the
exact words because I don't want to mess things up at
11, I mean, they've usually done like a preview
The Social Chronicle starts
later and they put it look at it Exactly please
it's in the newspaper in the live broadcast of the
newspaper at 11 minutes and two and I think he
said something like it's that I do
n't know exactly because I don't
want it's loading okay okay your
internet is bad no that the ads come out first
And that's while
people give it like It's people can
give it like they can ask us whatever
they want they can tell us how pretty we are how
horrible we are that we are
a picture Who do they support more Javier or
Marina if they want us to do a
survey honey it's
not loading it's that the ads are coming out
But where on the
Tele5 website don't give it Ah okay let's
see come on chat while Marina or
Javi I, I'm like like the government
I want to divide the people Marina or Javi  It's
not a joke, it's a joke, let's see why don't you
contact the Canary Islands, no, man, why? Let's
see if it would really be okay, okay, I
'll put it. Okay, okay, thank you
Adriana, how does it make sense? The only ones who
see the
child when he is in a
delicate health situation because the very fact of
being in the intensive care unit
of the hospital and another father is
actually already there, the
rest of the people what they do is support
both parents, eh. Well,
as we reported, eh yesterday,
Thursday, they transferred her to the maternal and
child hospital from another clinic. The
family will show up on Saturday because on
Friday the circumstances worsen. But it's
true that since yesterday and on Sunday, eh, there is
no clear improvement, but not a
very specific worsening either, so what there is
is a tense calm and the people.
Well, little by little, after showing their
support, they return to their daily activities
because
this will possibly take a long time and we
will have to wait and see the evolution,
all the hours are crucial because they are
all very, very important and everything is
crucial, but it is true that the
circumstances on Friday are not the
same right now because everything is a
little more controlled, so to speak.
somehow How scary my goodness that everyone
understands it Yes yes it's
true that throughout yesterday not
How scary my goodness
Eh This is today's
there it says the date yesterday yesterday okay I was
saying I say it's that today I say no it didn't sound familiar he
said something
different today 14 14 15 let's see pu I can't find
today's or what if it's in the newspaper
Look it up in the
newspaper Antonio Rossi the newspaper
in the plural
no you don't trust it or what no Yes man let's see
10 hours paraat look at the V don't you see it there
in the newspaper This but this one a
day ago Ah no this no this cu okay No let's see
what it was What was it didn't you see it two days ago there's
nothing new from Antonio Rossi posted
at least Look Two hours ago Antonio
Rossi so he comes to question him
But don't wait for this the
newspaper Antonio Rossi's word is the one that
counts the most here wait And what
But what was it more or less Look I'm going to read it to you
okay 17:28 Not in the morning a second
eh there's nothing eh
[Music]
Okay, uh, within the severity, but she remains
stable. The last few hours seem to have
been positive because the girl has not
experienced any worsening and her
parents remain optimistic. Okay,
Isabel Pantoja has been, okay, she was
in the hospital yesterday, uh. Anabel Pantoja
has obviously disappeared from
social media. No, she hasn't made any
kind of publication, just missing it. Well,
just missing it. I don't think she's
thinking about that. Anabel
Pantoja and David's friends take turns.
In fact, I saw one
called Leandro, who is a friend of mine that we
follow on social media, I met him on
Salvame and such. And then they became very good
friends on Survivors, who has also
gone there, so Anabel's close circle has
been very, very united. uh.
Isa Antoja closes ranks around the difficult
moment that Anabel Pantoja is going through. uh.
Everyone yes, it's true that
they are obviously serious. And then the request for
merch, she has asked the reporters to take it
easy, because although she understands her
job, for her, uh, she is not
used to being surrounded by cameras, it
is something complicated to  manage above
all because respecting the wishes of their
daughter they are not going to reveal any details
about how she is considering the
hopes that the doctors have given them
regarding the evolution of the
newborn Okay how scary Uh yes the truth is that it's that
[ __ ] we are talking about a It's that
a girl who is that is It's that I don't
know let's hope that
things go forward that we do
n't know It's that you don't even know what to say under these
circumstances the
truth is
not that until until Because here
obviously everything is forgotten the
quarrels that you may have with one with
another eh people like Marta who has had
problems with Anabel her ex who's relationship was not that
perfect they have published a they have published
Sorry to interrupt you they have published
the Indian just sent it to me they have published
an article and everything look criticism of Diego
Arabal for playing this this Cachito so
that Lili includes it in the previous one no
criticism of Diego Arabal for playing with the
publication of the medical report of
Anabel Pantoja's daughter Anabel
Pantoja's daughter remains hospitalized and
the reason is still unknown something that corresponds to the
parents and then they put
over here some comments what I've told you I mean this is Look at this Look already tremendous okay Sorry tell me Look at 88:30 in the afternoon I think it was my colleague Leticia who I worked with who has been has been there these days in the Canary Islands eh they have said that the
doctors have again asked the couple to remain
calm That for the moment nothing has changed
This is going to continue and it's going to last several
more days I mean let's go it's not what
we have discussed that it's not immediate and that
this well requires its
time no I mean we'll have to wait
but as I tell you it's curious Because for
example you're going to think it's silly I
was at the gym earlier and there are people
talking about this topic I mean it's a
topic that's being passed around on the street because also I
suppose it's a topic apart from being
delicate of talking talking about
the health of a little girl Eh well
people either feel identified or
think gosh if that had happened
to my son or gosh empathize it's impossible
not to empathize with something like that even if you're not a
parent I mean I'm not one and everything shrinks you
know  to think that something so
fragile, so tiny, well, well, could be going
through it like this, no, but well, well,
yes. Well, from here, I wish you all
the best, of course, and I hope that the
next time we talk about the subject it will be
to give some good news.
[Music]